# Disclose
Disclose seeks to be the Facebook Connect of Blockchain. It leverages Zero Knowledge Proof schemes to ensure consistency and trust in the provided data while hiding them to the rest of the world.

It provides:

* Privacy: Trade tokens without revealing to everyone who you are
* Crosschain reusability: As simple as Facebook connect for the blockchain
* Minimal: Answer compliance requirements with as much as a 0 or 1
* Auditable: Only the authorized people can access the underlying data upon request

The protocol seeks to serve as an open standard to lower friction in permissioned environments, especially for KYC certification. It allows Users to prove themselves to Companies, leveraging trusted third parties known as Authorities.

A user registers once, all his informations to the Authority, in the form of a verifiable merkle tree.
The authority then validates the knowledge of the merkle tree and the information it contains.
If the informations provided are valid, the authority signs the root with its private key and returns the message and signature to the user.
The user can now use the merkle tree and the signature, with any Smart Contract that trusts the Authority, and therefore simply prove that he passes the requirements.
The data and the proof needs to be sent with the transaction. As a consequence, if a Smart Contract uses Disclose, there is no more need for whitelisting addresses to trade KYC dependent products.

__More information is available on the whitepaper in Github.__ The current implementation is a pure PoC, not ready for production. In case of additional interest in the project, more efficient protocols would be implemented. Only the [authority/user interface]() has been pushed online.

The authority/user interface is quite slow at the moment, because of the need to download the snark parameters from the server. Have a look at the video to understand what is going under the hood (or simply turn on your developer tools).

A simplified version of the smart contract is accessible, but we do not provide an interface. At last, because of subtilities in the way the inputs are handled, please use the preprocessed input available in deployment.

The code is available in deployment/contract and the test inputs are available in deployment.

The two videos are meant to explain the data validation part generated by the user for the authority and the second while not integrated within a filtered as suggested by 0x in their compliant peer to peer trading blog post, show the validation of the snark onchain.

Videos are available on Youtube:

Data transfer and signature by authority: __https://youtu.be/_pMUf6ox3vY__

Contract interaction: __https://youtu.be/vghPIw6t_JU__

The contract is available on Rinkeby on the following address: __0xFBA7Bc3EA5A16246844D730a6168Af4A96373aA3__


Special thanks to Circom & SnarkJS for providing most of the tooling and to 0x and Coinlist for providing an opportunity to try them out.
